Docs: Update JT docs to add a section about performance (#45993)
Automattic/jetpack: tools/docker/README.md

- Server password: `wordpress`
- WordPress installation path: `/var/www/html`

### Improved performance when tunneling

> Loading tunnelled local sites like Jurassic Tube or ngrok can sometimes be needlessly slow. ngrok and JT add a significant overhead. Depending on where you live, there can be a considerable delay for most browser requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loading tunnelled local sites like Jurassic Tube or Ngrok can sometimes be needlessly slow. Ngrok and JT add a significant overhead. Depending on where you live, there can be a considerable delay for most browser requests.
```

> Loading tunnelled local sites like Jurassic Tube or Ngrok can sometimes be needlessly slow. Ngrok and JT add a significant overhead. Depending on where you live, there can be a considerable delay for most browser requests.

Reviewer 2: It's not so much "needlessly" as "unavoidably".
```suggestion
Loading tunnelled local sites like Jurassic Tube or Ngrok can sometimes be slow due to all traffic having to go to the server and back. Depending on where you live, there can be a considerable delay for most browser requests.
```

> **Solution**: Make the site reachable from the outside world, but _when working locally, load everything locally_ without tunneling using reverse proxy.

Reviewer 2: This might be misread as "load everything locally, without tunneling using reverse proxy" rather than "load everything locally [...] using reverse proxy". Some commas seem to resolve that.

Also, it should probably be "using a reverse proxy", or "using reverse proxying".
```suggestion
**Solution**: Make the site reachable from the outside world, but _when working locally, load everything locally_, without tunneling, using a reverse proxy.
```

#### Setup
1. Install [Caddy](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/caddy)

>     Why Caddy? The hosts file can’t include ports – it only maps `your-test-site.example.com` to `127.0.0.1`. Caddy’s reverse proxy shuttles HTTP(S) traffic from the Jurassic Tube site to the local Docker address, including the port.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is entirely accurate. In the setup described here, it looks like without caddy you have the following:
* The dev environment listens on localhost:80.
* The host file edit points your-test-site.example.com:* to localhost:*.
* So http works, because your-test-site.example.com:80 is localhost:80. https does not work, however, because while your-test-site.example.com:443 is mapped to localhost:443, nothing is listening on port 443.
* Even if you could map your-test-site.example.com:443 to localhost:80, that still wouldn't work because the browser would be trying to speak https while the server is trying to speak http.

Adding caddy sets up a reverse proxy listening on port 443, terminating the https connection and forwarding to the http server on the dev env. Note that, with the host file edit, your-test-site.example.com:443 and localhost:443 are the same thing. The critical bit is the termination and proxying.

So maybe something like this would be more accurate?

```suggestion
    Why Caddy? The developer environment only listens for HTTP traffic, not HTTPS traffic. Caddy accepts the HTTPS connection and proxies the request to the developer environment.
```

P.S. In theory we could set up the dev env to speak https as well as http. The tricky part would be getting a certificate that the browser won't throw up scary "unknown certificate authority" warnings about, particularly since the dev env doesn't know what your JT site's domain is (caddy does because you're passing it as the `--from` parameter).

    ```sh
    brew install caddy
    ```

> 2. Edit hosts file

Reviewer 2: AI does have a bit of a point here, should we give some indication of what/where the "hosts file" is?

Author: Added. Thanks

    Add this line:

    ```

>     127.0.0.1 localhost your-test-site.example.com

Author: You are excused for your ignorance.

    ```

> 3. Start Jurassic Tube tunnel or ngrok

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start Jurassic Tube tunnel or Ngrok
```

4. Run Caddy

    ```sh
    caddy reverse-proxy --from your-test-site.example.com --to localhost:80 --internal-certs --disable-redirects
    ```

>     `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` is needed if you want to use HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).

Author: ```suggestion
    `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` are needed if you want to use HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).
```

>     `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` are needed if you want to use HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).

Reviewer 2: If you're not wanting to use HTTPS, I don't think Caddy does anything for you. Simply editing the hosts file should have done it for HTTP.

Author: Updated. Thanks

>     `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` are needed if you want to use HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).

Author: ```suggestion
    `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` are needed for HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).
```

>     `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` is needed if you want to use HTTPS. More about it [here](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `--internal-certs` and `--disable-redirects` is needed if you want to use HTTPS. [Read more](https://caddyserver.com/docs/command-line#caddy-reverse-proxy).
```
